DOCS-6712-fixed doc bugs (#17)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/prepare-to-install-service-mesh.adoc

image::prepare-to-install-breadcrumb.png[]

> Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, make sure that you review and fulfill the software, licensing, and permissions and roles requirements describes in this section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, ensure that you review and fulfill the software, licensing, and permissions and roles requirements described in this section. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == About the Audience

Reviewer: Consider "Audience Requirements," for parallelism and also specificity.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Anypoint Service Mesh is a enterprise microservices management application. Microservices are deployed in containerized environments to achieve best business results. Anypoint Service Mesh is developed using Istio and Kubernetes. Therefore, you must have basic working knowledge of Istio and Kubernetes to be able to install and use (derive benefit from??) Anypoint Service Mesh.

Reviewer 2: >(derive benefit from??)

We need to remove this?

Reviewer 3: I would just keep this much 
"Anypoint Service Mesh is developed using Istio and Kubernetes. Therefore, you must have a basic working knowledge of Istio and Kubernetes to be able to install and use Anypoint Service Mesh"

Reviewer 3: I would just put this much "you must have a basic working knowledge of Istio and Kubernetes to be able to install and use Anypoint Service Mesh"

Author: Done! Thanks!

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
* Not installed Istio in the cluster

If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must additionally:

* Install Kubernetes 1.12+ with admissionregistration API 
+
*Tip:* To verify the installation, use the command: 
+

> `kubectl api-versions | grep admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`.

Reviewer: Consider making this a bullet item parallel to Install... and Add and list:

* Install Kubernetes...
* Verify the installation using...
* Configure kube-apiserver...
* Add and list

Author: Done! Thanks!

Reviewer 4: @kbostrom and @priyaayyar, Shouldn't this be an ordered list (numbers) instead of bullets since there is a specific order?

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
* Not installed Istio in the cluster

If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must additionally:

* Install Kubernetes 1.12+ with admissionregistration API 
+
*Tip:* To verify the installation, use the command: 
+
`kubectl api-versions | grep admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`.
* Configure kube-apiserver process with the admission-control flag to “MutatingAdmissionWebhook”
+

> For more information about how to turn on *turn on what--Tomas?*, see the Kubernetes documentation.

Reviewer 3: Incomplete sentence "For more information about how to turn on *turn on what--Tomas?*"

Author: Exactly my point. I'll remove it for now.

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
* Not installed Istio in the cluster

If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must additionally:

> . Install Kubernetes 1.12+ with admissionregistration API.

Reviewer 4: Should there be a "the" before admissionregistration?

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Verify the installation using the following the command: 
+
`kubectl api-versions | grep admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`.

> . Configure kube-apiserver process with the admission-control flag to “MutatingAdmissionWebhook”.

Reviewer 4: Configure the `kube-apiserver` process...

Author: Done! Thanks!

Before you can use Anypoint Service Mesh, you must have the following roles and permissions:
 

> * API Manager Environment Administrator or Organization Administrator permission for your organization, to access the client ID and client secret credentials.

Reviewer 2: We need to revert this change. One thing is a permission, another one a role.

Author: Done! Thanks!
